docs: simplify the README (#647)
pola-rs/r-polars: README.Rmd

[![R-universe status badge](https://rpolars.r-universe.dev/badges/polars)](https://rpolars.r-universe.dev)
[![CRAN status](https://www.r-pkg.org/badges/version/polars)](https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=polars)
[![Dev R-CMD-check](https://github.com/pola-rs/r-polars/actions/workflows/check.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/pola-rs/r-polars/actions/workflows/check.yaml)

> [![Docs dev version](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg)](https://rpolars.github.io)

Author: My intention is to eventually display two badges: Release and Dev.
I think this is common when using a site generator with version control functionality.

"streaming mode" for out-of-memory operations. This allows users to analyze
datasets many times larger than RAM.

> Examples of common operations:

Author: I felt it was redundant to have the link to the vignette appear twice in the README.

A link to the website is not required as it is displayed as a badge.

> Examples of common operations:

Reviewer: I'm fine to remove the link to the vignette in particular but we should keep the link to the website, not everyone knows the badge can be clicked

> Examples of common operations:

Author: I have added the `Getting help` section for that.

- use the lazy execution engine for maximum performance and
  memory-efficient operations

Consider joining our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/4UfP5cfBE7) (subchannel) for
additional help and discussion.

## Install

The recommended way to install this package is via R-universe:

```r
Sys.setenv(NOT_CRAN = "true")
install.packages("polars", repos = "https://rpolars.r-universe.dev")
```

> Other installation methods and installation details can be

Author: I thought it was unnecessary to consider whether binary installation was possible.
That's true for all packages, but I don't think most packages purposely express it.

> Other installation methods and installation details can be

Reviewer: I just think we should mention here why one might need alternative installation procedures

> Other installation methods and installation details can be

Author: Done in 
f609561

found in the [Install vignette](https://rpolars.github.io/vignettes/install/)

> (`vignette("install", "polars")`).

Author: Good point.
However, considering the feature flags, I think there is a possibility that it will be necessary to open this vignette after installation.

Also, there may be a system like pkgdown that provides automatic links to vignette, so I think it is worth including the vignette function.

> (`vignette("install", "polars")`).

Reviewer: Ok

> there may be a system like pkgdown that provides automatic links to vignette

That might be harder to setup than I thought given that `mkdocs` might override the HTML generated by `downlit`, but that's better discussed in #525

> (`vignette("install", "polars")`).

Author: I'm not talking about altdoc, just pointing out that this documentation may be used by other static site generators.
For example, I think this is currently being done in R-universe.

## Quickstart example

To avoid conflicts with other packages and base R function names, **polars**'s
top level functions are hosted in the `pl` namespace, and accessible via the
`pl$` prefix.

> So we can write queries in a similar way to Python when import polars with `import polars as pl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that `polars` queries written in Python and in R are very similar.
```

- use the lazy execution engine for maximum performance and
  memory-efficient operations

## Install

The recommended way to install this package is via R-universe:

```r
Sys.setenv(NOT_CRAN = "true")
install.packages("polars", repos = "https://rpolars.r-universe.dev")
```

[The "Install" vignette](https://rpolars.github.io/vignettes/install/) (`vignette("install", "polars")`)

> gives more details on how to install this package and other way to install it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gives more details on how to install this package and other ways to install it.
```

  B = 5:1,
  cars = c("beetle", "audi", "beetle", "beetle", "beetle")
)

# embarrassingly parallel execution & very expressive query language
df$sort("fruits")$select(
  "fruits",
  "cars",
  pl$lit("fruits")$alias("literal_string_fruits"),
  pl$col("B")$filter(pl$col("cars") == "beetle")$sum(),
  pl$col("A")$filter(pl$col("B") > 2)$sum()$over("cars")$alias("sum_A_by_cars"),
  pl$col("A")$sum()$over("fruits")$alias("sum_A_by_fruits"),
  pl$col("A")$reverse()$over("fruits")$alias("rev_A_by_fruits"),
  pl$col("A")$sort_by("B")$over("fruits")$alias("sort_A_by_B_by_fruits")
)
```

The [Get Started vignette](https://rpolars.github.io/articles/polars/) (`vignette("polars")`) provides
a more detailed introduction to **polars**.

## Extensions

While one can use **polars** as-is, other packages build on it to
provide different syntaxes:

- [`polarssql`](https://github.com/rpolars/r-polarssql/) provides a **polars**
  backend for `DBI` and `dbplyr`.
- [`tidypolars`](https://tidypolars.etiennebacher.com/) allows one to
  use the `tidyverse` syntax while using the power of **polars**.

## Getting help

The online documentation can be found at <https://rpolars.github.io/>.

> If you encounter a clear bug, please file an issue with a minimal reproducible example on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a bug, please file an issue with a minimal reproducible example on
```

[GitHub](https://github.com/pola-rs/r-polars/issues).

> Consider joining our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/4UfP5cfBE7) (subchannel) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider joining our [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/4UfP5cfBE7) subchannel for
```
